so best colleges by major and preference then when the best call when the college is selected college selection or like uh lists college list created whatever um then what we're going to do is we are going to uh get the students preferences like top preferences we're going to tell them oh go tour whatever just give them tips basically like tips on choosing a college tips on college choice tips And then when the choice is selected, We are going to basically have an if-then statement or a true-false statement. What we're going to do is if the college they select or the college they want to apply for has not been created, like does not have a page in our app yet, We are going to have the AI – we are going to enable the AI to analyze the college that they want to apply to and create a page, literally create a page or a place on the app so that they can have the link. Number one – I think he wrote this down somewhere else, but I'm going to draw it on here. They're going to have the link of the college, link. 

So, like, their admissions portal. And then they're also going to have checklists of how to apply, like using Common App, STARS. We want deadlines, due dates. We should also put another questionnaire in there, Kathan, you think? We should put another questionnaire in there about... Like this would be later on. We don't have to do this now, but like some type of financial aid because we're going to provide sponsors later on. Yeah, later on, later on, later on. But that's just, I'm recording it. So we have it. Yes. Yeah, business, medicine, STEM, sports, humanities. So they're going to have a link in their checklist. And then as they fill out the checklist and they're like, oh, hey, I applied. Okay, you applied. Now we're awaiting decision. And they still have the link there, but they don't have a checklist because they applied and they uploaded all their stuff. Now, if they didn't upload all the stuff, the checklist should still be there. They would tell the AI that and the AI would hopefully... 

be able to work it so that the checklist is still what they need to do. And then they select applied, deferred, whatever. And if they're applied, the AI should be able to create another checklist on the same page, by the way, and delete the rest of the other checklist of stuff they've already completed. They make another checklist of how to like what to do to actually get in, like pay your deposit. Like the checklist should be like pay your deposit. What else do they need to do? Pay for deposit, assign immunization forms, apply for housing, all that stuff. So that's what we're hoping to do. And if that page has already been created, like the first page for, like say a student says, I want to go to RIT, okay? AI, if the RIT page is not already created, AI creates the page with the link in the starting checklist. The starting checklist is going to be like what to do to apply. And what should be able to be done is even throughout the AI changing the checklist as someone applies, that original link with the starting checklist to apply should also be something that can be opened globally by other students so that if a student comes along in the RIT page that was already there has been created, they can say, I want to go to RIT. 

And then it just uses that page and it doesn't create a whole new different thing on the app. I think that makes perfect sense. 