that does that on the official college website, webpage. He has to only do it once, okay? Then he can come in our app and just put the tick on this checklist. So there's one thing marked off from his table that I have to do this, I'll put my transfer for college X. And here's the thing also, a lot of them don't have deadlines either. A lot of them don't have deadlines either. I'm sitting there and for University of Tampa, the deposit, so for the deposit fees on any college, you can find them on the regular information website, but where you find a checklist of things you need to do on the portal, like after you got accepted, you get into an admitted students portal on every college. Every college has an administrative portal. They have a checklist of stuff you need to do with no deadlines. And they have a bunch of different confusing things. They're like, you need to deposit now. You need to do this, do this, and do this. And you're like, you have no clue what order to do it. You have no clue when the deadlines are. 

So how would students put that information on your portal? For the checklist part, that information of stuff they need to do with them, that kind of stuff does not have to be automated. AI, you can find it on websites. It is just inconvenient. We're trying to make it convenient. That's our whole goal. Every school is different. Every school's information is different. Some schools hear it through the internet. No, no, no. We're not talking about that type of information. Like deadline for the visiting college. Deadline for... accepting acceptance or well not okay deposit fee yeah so that stuff is usually found on websites but every college is different everybody so if you get admission in five different colleges and all five different use information different format yep so if you have a page you have like uh your your colleges You have five different colleges. You pick on one college. Your checklist and everything for that college is going to be there. Go up. Next college, next college, next college. 

So somebody has to put that information? That's what we were going to do. We were going to automate it. We were going to have AI scan to see if there's a page based on the college already in our app. And if there's not, it creates a page with specific criteria that we set up, including Find out what students need to do after they're accepted. What's their checklist? And they have to have that on the page. How would you automate that? It's difficult. Yeah, it is. Because you can only automate if students already have the information. If students themselves don't have the information... So, okay. Okay. So first of all, checklist for till the part you like accept your college is safe for every single college, except like the places you have to go and upload. So the place you don't have to upload. Then difference, say the place you are getting is different for each college, it comes when you're going for a plan for housing and all of that. That's when our personal AI system, which is throughout your app, which is there to help you with all of this stuff. 

It's brain to be a college counselor. It is supposed to be an expert in colleges till every single day. It updates every single day. And it'll go and find out, and then it'll automatically make the checklist in the app. The student does not have to do it. Student picks RIT. You go in RIT, our AI assistant counselor is there. and should like, can you please help me to make a checklist? Or there's already a button, make checklist. So the AI is going to go on there and make the checklist all by itself. Based off of information from their college website. That's exactly what I'm saying. College website, like for example, your college, your college website doesn't know even the execution piece. Yes. So if you ask them to go to the website, you're going to get the wrong information. But most importantly, never give wrong information as optional. The information has to be based on a document which says your student number, you applied for this and this course, and this is your tuition fees. Unless you have that PDF, you can upload it and store it into the document, then AI can read the information and give you the suggestion. 

I feel like in that case, what we would do is we would have a general checklist Yeah, like application. Like take this for example. If we can't say pay the $50 deposit to say you're going to the school and commit to the school because the school didn't tell us on the website that they had a $50 deposit. It's only an email or it's only in the secure portal that we can't get by. We just say pay deposit. Just generalize. So there you make the student mandatory pay. Okay, so first, each college has their common things, like their transcript, their SAT scores. That's common. No, that's common things. No, but that's through Common App. No, that's after Common App. That's after Common App. Colleges still need official transcripts, not through Common App. Through Common App? Yes, schools have to send the colleges directly. It's either schools or we've got to upload it by ourselves to the worst place I've ever used. To their portal. To their portal. Because colleges want you to create the profile and then upload the document so they can process it. 

Because think about this, ComEdhap is only for admissions. We're talking about after admissions where they actually need the official stuff. Like University of Tampa, I can upload an unofficial transcript that I found on Focus and I downloaded myself and uploaded myself. And they'll admit me with that information, but then they'll say, Your school needs to send us an official transcript with their seal of approval saying that these are definitely your grades and we tell you that these are your grades. And that's not from the school directly. That's after they accept us. It's confusing. That's how I feel with RIT. RIT, you cannot send their transcript anyway. You need to send an official transcript. So I had to tell my counselor, can you please send my transcript to this email? 