(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

I don't know, but you get my point, like, if they're opinion-based papers, I could also do something to put on there. I'm going to need to think about this. So do you like the idea? I do like the idea.

I think it's very helpful. I think, I wish I had this now to help me. So will you be able to help us make this thing to get your inputs in there? Yeah, and I think another person that could really help me is Mr. Cesar.

Mr. Cesar? The tall lady that I'm always walking around with? Yeah, she's still in the school area. She's in this month he gets older. She walks around during the lunch break.

I've been covering for her sometimes, but she's usually outside in the office, really tall. You'll know her if you saw her. Okay.

You can point out to your mom. Yeah. But, yeah, she's amazing.

She worked in high school. She's been a principal before. She would know what to do.

We tried contacting Ms. Gaber. Ms. Gaber? She hasn't really responded yet. Ms. Gaber? She's probably a good source.

She's more like a private college counselor, isn't she? Yeah, she also works at a charter school. Oh, okay. Far away.

Yeah, I know. That's why we were trying to set up an online meeting. We were trying to get as much actual information we can get and put it in there.

Yeah. Can you send me a screenshot of your thing? And I'll think about it. Of just this? Oh, okay.

And then, like, I'll go look at how it is. Yeah. We will email you, like, in small detail.

I'll think about it and figure it out. You can ask some of my friends who I used to work with. Because my previous job was basically the same thing.

I worked at an after-school program, but I mostly dealt with juniors and seniors and helped them think about college and create that. Yeah, and then you get, like, not a good slate to work with. Because kids in freshman and sophomore year, they're like, It's fine, I got four years.

Yeah, yeah. And no, you do not. I'm sending you the picture so you can figure it out, I guess.

But not so much here. I don't really have that problem with anything. A lot of jobs here are pretty serious about personal work things.

Oh, the freshman class right now? Yeah. I know. My sister's in that.

Oh, yeah. She's serious about that. Because they're SOAR kids.

You got to think about that, too. They're all SOAR kids, and SOAR kids are serious about that. They're made to be serious, to be honest.

I mean, the sophomores, I don't think we're a good class to come here. You don't, or you do? I don't know. Do the sophomores do their work? Sophomores? Yeah.

The ones that I know do. Of course, the ones that you don't know aren't actively trying to come to you for help. Yes.

Because they don't care. Well, believe it or not, I only get really asked for help from you guys. Because really, everyone else that I see are problem childs.

Like, I deal with all the problems. That makes sense. The only people that I don't deal with the problems are seniors who need me to do stuff.

Or juniors that are thinking about stuff. Because we were in shambles last year. Oh, yeah.

Did you guys have Mr. Ernst? Oh, that was a good one, too. I forgot about him. He left us, too.

I forgot about that. So, he came in. Very nice to help us.

I go in there. I have, like, 15 meetings with him. He understands my situation, everything.

And then, one day, he just walks out of the school. And he's gone. And then, of course, all of his letters were a controversial problem.

Because for some reason, he deleted them. Because it wasn't, like, a legal problem or something. He wasn't supposed to give them out to students because of signings and FERPA waivers.

I don't know. I don't know. And then, Ms. Gaver came in at the last second.

She helped us out. Ms. Gaver was really awesome. She helped us out.

We were in shambles by Mr. Runge. We had no idea. You were.

You weren't. I thought he just left. Oh, no.

So, Ms. Durble didn't really help. Ms. Durble was—see, this is—the whole reason we're doing this is mainly because of Ms. Durble. Because Mr. Runge, he could do his job, okay? We're not hating on the fact that he couldn't do his job.

It's just that he walked out on us. Durble, on the other hand, couldn't do her job to save her life. And I'll tell you what.

She was always saying she was really busy. So, the reason we're making this app is specifically because students don't have access to counselors. Like, I know it was bad here because it was one counselor for, like, a few hundred kids.

Marine River has maybe three to five counselors for 5,000 to 7,000 kids. Lake Ranch is just as bad. And, of course, all those kids don't want to go to college because we're a college prep academy.

So, we're kind of— Engineered to go. Really, like, focused on going to college so the counselor has a lot more work. But there's kids, like, here and there that just don't have access to counselors or the counselors don't have time.

So, we're trying to make this tool to, number one, give more time to the counselors and help them with their job. And, number two, help students who don't have access to the counselors because they're always so busy or just can't get through. And if you get this app integrated into the education system we have, if, like, Manatee County makes you download this app—

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)