(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)

Not basically that, but it's on a shorter note. It keeps everything in one place and it gives you the roadmap of what to do with that information. It's basically just keeping your interests... Classes? Don't know what classes... I don't know, it's just all various scenarios basically. It needs to be... If the student is trying... If their goal is they want to graduate early...

Yeah.

try to think of every possible scenario i know that's why you guys can't that's why we're coming towards you if if you think it's too much right now and if you think like you can come up with like something in like a bit of time then i like that idea though we need to add um customizable options to like different quizzes or something yeah yeah i know that research and see what your student needs to do that and it's going to change based on the sport as well

It could also be like team managers, scorekeepers, all that stuff. All the coaches need is a video, your GPA on there, and your highlights. But once they get into NCAA, they have to maintain it. And there's a lot of criteria and requirements there. You should definitely include it in there. Major specific research paper. And so it's completely...

I would move interns to four journals. Okay. And make it five journals, or just call it journals. Awards and competition, those can be majors. We can do jobs slash internships. Yeah, jobs slash internships. Research papers can go under anything. Awards can go under anything. So what specifically can you do for each? Classes, courses, um...

So let me frame a question for you. If a kid is going into STEM major, what extracurriculars would you want them to have on your portfolio? Class-based, right? Class-based. So for STEM, STEM is an acronym, right? Yeah. So if they're going into sciences, I would want to see more sciences. Science. So physics, bio, like every science you can think of, chemistry, marine science, all of that stuff. If they're going into math, stats, calculus, trigonometry,

And of course there's fields that are like... Technology, you want to do more IT, stuff like that. Digital info, all of that stuff. Look up advanced courses in each of those areas and put that in there. You also might want to think about including education in there as well as a major. There's a lot of education majors out there. Yeah, education. Medical can possibly go with STEM.

But you might want to also think about including specific medical classes like intro to medicine or something. But I don't know how many high schools will have that. Yeah, so that's why. So in the starting, you want to keep it broad because if I'm a freshman coming from middle school, I have no idea what I'm going to do. Most of them, yeah, have no clue what they're going to do. So we got to keep them like a broad bracket where they can go in. Well, their first two years is really, they're just really trying to get their prereqs done. It's basically set up like college education.

Yeah, so that's why we're trying to get them like thinking about what they want to do. So they'll be ready by junior year to be like, okay, I need to go into this class, this class, and this class. So then maybe even integrating more experience, experiences in the beginning and requiring them to do more experiences in the beginning. Maybe even like they're starting as early as their freshman year, sophomore year, so that they can...

Build up their resume, but also see like where they want to go because you're gonna get a lot more undecided and don't know what they want to do Yeah, and they won't know unless they're in it. Could we could we count interviews as something? Uh one of the six specific because think about this interviews could fall under anything. Yes, but if you are showing the uh, like

the active passion of pursuing like, like you interview a cybersecurity analyst. I want to go into cybersecurity. I interview a cybersecurity analyst. It's like I'm showing an active passion for wanting to learn that field. And that is, and if you record the interview or something, if with consent, of course, then it's like something you can put on your thing. And I could be sort of, I don't know, sometimes you do those for like, transportation or something, if you have no problem, but they usually ask you to take something that you

Science fair projects for bio... Yes, those are good. That's a good one. Science fair project. Papers, like, papers with your professor or whatever, and she wrote a paper in science that you would pick something, like, some sort of... Something off a periodic table that you like. I'm giving her a road out of here. I can see Bacchus doing that. He probably would. He probably would.

(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)
