(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)

school has to do it and then it would be such a solid way to do it increases the number of kids who go to college in the u.s like why yeah it would i will tell you though if you're trying to make it a u.s thing

Oh yeah, it's gonna be state it's gonna be stable right now. We're focused on for it Focus focus man

Oh, you can. We cannot. Oh, we can't. Yeah, that's the thing. It's a tool for a counselor. Okay, well, we're trying to make it student and counselor. So that's your thing. You really want to hone in on that. Because I'm assuming you're going to pitch it to investors. Oh, yeah. So you're really going to want to hone in on, yes, we understand that the school district and some school personnel have access to this stuff, but we want to make it so that students can also track.

I think that's a good idea. That's a good idea. Even one of the features we were having, like, to increase, like, the student counselor, like,

combination, like the whole argument that students and counselors. Oh, that's just for the credits. Yeah, but this tracks, it tells me how many, like what you've taken, and then I have a checklist, and it'll tell you, it'll tell me like

like if you're missing a credit here right going through the checklist but again i have to do it for each student but this helps a lot like this i feel like is what your application is going to have your application is going to have more but this is going to be part of it yes so make sure in your argument you're stating that this is something because this is the students this is graduating high school ours is uh could be built on that but it can also it's main thing is for college as well

How so? Like college applications. That's where the main checklists are going to go. Okay. So, figuring that out. Like navigating to STARS, getting to know what each college wants. Like UF is more test score driven school. That's what I've heard. And RIT, which I got into my main school, is more extracurricular based school. Okay. So, your mission, your app's mission is to get students into

And then, of course, also, later down the line, because let me tell you this right now, because you're going to ask us questions about it. First off, we're going to have a scholarships thing. So students, financial aid, we're going to have some type of scholarship implementation where it's easier for them to research and gather information about scholarships. So the scholarship database embedded in the...

that or we give them like outsource to places already that have really good databases and whatnot. So you'll have a resource page. Yeah, some sort of like that. So it won't be a database, but it'll be a resource page. And then we also have to tailor to different paths. Like say a student comes in

than freshman year. We have to tailor to that student doesn't really want to go to college or they think they want to go to college freshman year, but they pick it because decisions change. They want to go to the military. They want to go to trade school. We're going to have something for that as well. And then of course, after high school and college acceptance, we are going to try to figure out this is later down the line. We're going to try to figure out something for career wise.

and that would be that wouldn't be tailored to specific schools as of right now we would have to brainstorm that later but it would be something like um internship ideas or you know um so when you're in college it's better to get internship to build up your portfolio to get a job like i'm going to go co-op school so it's embedded in my curriculum

A lot of kids are not. Yes. So like if you're a medical student, you have to do like, like, yes. And of course, and of course, internships at that level are easier because a lot of the bigger companies that are well known are looking for college students, like internships, like Goldman Sachs, they literally go to colleges and just

get interns and that's like almost a universal thing in the U.S. at this point especially in Florida. They're trying to get the talent yeah before it gets out. Exactly so something like that and then you know if if we think we gotta brainstorm like because you're not been to school. You guys should also think about as part of the career

(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)
