(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)

11th grade

Hardest year? Take SAT. Minimum twice. Suggested three times, three to four times.

Because that's how many times it was covered. Well, also, there actually is government programs, I know this, that you can get SAT fees waived because I'm actually eligible for one. I didn't get it waived, but you're completely, it's easily eligible. Yeah, you can get SAT fees waived. Is it? Yeah. Okay.

So you can take the SAT for free. What are those criteria? So you know the kids that get free meals at school? They are eligible for free SATs. And that's literally just I. Arush, Arush, and you. And I'm going to give you two. That's why Arush is eligible for SATs. I was able to get free SATs. My parents just assigned us a pay-for-only because they were like,

But because our counselor was taking too long to tell us and approve and how to do like how to get free SAT stuff. So my parents were just like, we're going to pay for it so you can take it. And then a month after that, they paid for it. Our counselor tells me.

You're eligible for a fee waiver. You could have taken that for free and you could have applied to all kinds of programs. Well, thanks for that. It's all in the United States.

Do you guys use Apple Duolingo? Yes.

for the new lingo there is a way they can hook you up like how many days strike you have yeah i told you the same idea that we started to keep students engaged on that yeah levels that's the same thing that's a great idea that's the same thing you're talking about student engagement that's right yes

I also think a lot of it's about clarity as well because like Exactly I downloaded an app and

All it's giving me is the most vague stuff on how to improve myself on a day-to-day basis. I want stuff to be as specific as take, not that specific, but like go to your counselor and bug them by this day to get you this so you can submit it by the deadline of this application or something like that. There's also one of the technical...

Letters of Action. So, in your quiz, how does a counselor decide, a student can decide, what I really want to do and what I have to do? Can you follow the difference?

For example, if my family background is weak and I want to earn a lot of money and I am capable of doing things in the field of science. Another thing is my academics are good because I work hard in science but in reality my passion is in arts. So the quiz...

what you guys have to make sure you don't create app which will lead student on one side you have to create app which will tell student where they are in the life at that particular date so that's called so the chart that you have to create is called will of life you all know about that term will of life so will of life but similarly you have to do like will of

school or wheel of career. So I'm sure there is a term, this is term I just came up with but wheel of career include what? Why people go to school? Not to get the book knowledge but how to learn and what to learn is two different things. You're solving what to learn, how to learn, when to learn and where to learn. You know that principle 4W is an H. So your F, the fundamental should be based on that.

So your front page should be based on 4WZNH. You are not telling people this is what you have to do.

- This is you telling people based on the information, this is what you can do now, this is how you can do it, this is where you can do it, if you don't have this, these are the sources that can help. - And that's exactly what we did. And what I also did was that career quiz that suggests to them what they could do and how to do it, they retake every year in high school. So if they're, if they're,

Decisions change. Like say, oh, I was looking to be a medical student in a freshman year. Okay, well, you might match this, this, and this. Here's what we suggest you do. Take this class, this class, and this class. Next year, they take it.

After taking AAP bio and you're not doing so well and realizing that this might be... That's not my cup of tea. Yeah, it's not his cup of tea. So I'm thinking of more going into the tech side now. I want to be a game designer. Okay, well, we can pivot. I would suggest...

Based on that they read that quiz and they say it in the quiz and they update the hobbies and stuff So based on the quiz that they just took they're like, okay. Well based on your updated hobbies updated interest of career and updated field You can take these classes because these are the classes you must offer and I would suggest based on your career quiz

When creating air that should be part of your prompt

that make sure you always suggest it. It feels like suggestion more than force. Any given point.

(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)
