(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)

The curriculum. Yes. So we have the easy, moderate, hard classes. And that's why I'm sitting down here because if we're going to figure out the classes, we need to have a general interest or idea of what type of class exactly actually

actually want to get into because if they sit there and they're like wait this quiz doesn't make sense at all it says I want to go into STEM but I really want to be medical even though it says my results um fit more of a STEM major so it should be able to say so somewhere along the line it should be able the student should be able to say if if they want to do something else even though RAI suggests this okay because there's always up to the student no matter what

And then that's when it makes the closest. It says, okay, you look like you would fit a STEM major. You'd probably, you look like you like working with a team. You look like you like technology. So I would suggest some suggestions for you

maybe looking into the cyber cybersecurity field or informational sciences field or informational technology These are just suggestions, but maybe take a look into them along the next few years of your high school journey There you go for that part now after that

Someone said, uh, student says, wait, I don't want to be in tech at all. I want to be in medical. Okay. Um, actually I was thinking more medical in my opinion. And so then I got that in the transcripts because it uploads the transcripts immediately after. And it'll say somewhere along the line, like after the quiz, you should say you, um,

You can input additional information after uploading transcripts. Upload your transcripts and then you say, do you have any additional requests or any additional information you might want to add? I don't want to be a tech major. I want to be a medical major.

Okay, based on your past transcripts, you have all A's in every class in middle school. So you should be able to do hard classes, which that means you should be able to do AP biology, AP whatever. And that correlates to the school's perspective of concluding class. Okay, I like that. And of course, it's like...

Well, here's what Errol lists like the clas- I'm sure the schools- should the schools be able to choose the difficulty of classes? No. No? I think- It's- it's- it's- no. It's- it's a suggestion. It's a suggestion which the- the kid

Based on the kid's transcripts, right? It's a suggestion. Then the grades-- We think you will excel in this course, AP Biology. We think it'll be moderately difficult for you, even though it's hard for a normal amount of people, because you have shown excellent grades and excelled learning in science in eighth grade. And you can ask teachers. You can ask your teacher. And when-- and it's-- yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

If you get it tied up to schools, then you know the meetings we used to have at Sendin and Drupal? Yeah. But what classes do you want to have next? Yeah. They should be able to choose it on the app, you think? Oh, that's a good idea. Okay. So they can choose their classes on the app. No, no, no, no.

They don't cheat. We don't get rid of the factor of durable and extended. From that, what we do is let them pick their classes they want to pick. Okay? And then that data goes to...

You're a counselor. And then when they do the meeting, they know what classes you want to take. Well, here's the thing. But there are conflicts. So the counselor, oh, no, you cannot take weight training. You need to pass. You need to take an art class. You need to be in the media. So you need to change that. Here's the thing. Our college, I mean, our high school is unique in the fact that they did those meetings. A lot of high schools, like I said, Brain River has two counselors for a gazillion kids. They don't do one-on-one meetings.

They literally just assign you the time to get your class of the day off. And if you change them, you go to a meeting. If you want to change them, you have to meet with them. But of course, that's if you want to change them. So the counselors get the information. They make your classes based on your top choices of classes. If there's anything wrong and they aren't on the same choices, like your schedule isn't the same choices on your thing, then we suggest go meet with your counselor if anything looks off.

Like, the first day of school, the input, the first day of school, the school's... Oh, wait, no. They would be signing up during school. Whatever. I think that'll make sense. That's too much. Yeah, that's too much. It's like too much. Yeah, but I get what you're saying, though. Let's play a little. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Okay, let's not go into that break.

(Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.)
