Okay, so they have the classes. Let's keep moving. Let's keep moving. So they have the easy, moderate, or hard classes. They're deciding. They decide their classes, choices, whatever. 


Okay, so now we also need, so you have ninth grade here. This is all like ninth grade. And then these classes based on like, they should update. 


Well, they should update based on what you pass and fail, depending. Yeah, no, no, no. So each year. You upload your transcript. Upload your transcript. Each year upload transcript, okay. 


Each year you upload your transcript. So it's gonna suggest you for your new classes next year. Based on your past. a decision of, oh, hey, I wanna be a medical major. 


Oh, okay. Yeah, exactly. So you chose, you said you wanna be a medical major. Wait, wait, wait. So you wanna be a medical major, okay. So I see you're taking chemistry, but you're not taking biology. 


Instead of taking biology, why don't you take AP Bio? Exactly. And in that, you put it down. It's okay if you don't pass AP Biology if you don't think. 


But having an AP class on your transcript boosts your grade up. And gets you more likely to get into a college. Yes. And when are we going to do the college choice? 


Hold on, hold on. Oh, when they permanently, because junior here is when applications start. So that should be when- That's when they should be thinking about- That should be when we should reprompt them and say, okay, have you made any changes in your decision of being a medical major? 


No, I still want to be a medical major. Okay, so here, based on your grades and transcripts you have uploaded previously, and your career quiz you took in ninth grade, Here are some of the top colleges for medical. 


Now, well, no. Wait, wait. Based on your career quiz in the 10th grade, they should also take a quiz, a college quiz as well. 


SAT, SAT, SAT. Yes, SATs, but also they need a college quiz that's like, that's sitting there being like, what's your preferences? 


College preference quiz. Because we need the preferences. What it should do is, instead of us handing that part, you can do one thing. 


The quiz... I know a place which already has that quiz. It's called College Board. It's not that bad. But right now, we can direct kids to that College Board quiz. 


OK? The kids go on there. Do they take the quiz? And they get a list of colleges. What they gotta do is just take screenshots of those colleges and just upload it over there. 


So now we're gonna get their landing page. But that's afterwards. Right now we're in ninth grade. In ninth grade, over here, after the grades you get your activities. 


Big thing. That's our biggest thing. Put down big, activities. Yeah, activities. So Um... Thank you. So I put activities go from 9th to 12th grade, but they're preferably mainly done by before the SAT is taken. 


Yes. Because you want to have time to study for the SAT and not focus on getting volunteer hours or whatever. 


So the four general, four general. Four general. Which is? Is going to be athletics. Athletics, yes. Athletics, volunteers. Volunteers, almost 100 hours, 120, right? 


Yeah. 120 hours. Minimum. Because for bright futures if you're in florida as well. um volunteer. And then, and then you need club club yes clubs at least one one per year. 


One per year and leadership leadership and one leadership. One club per year and one leader I guarantee you, being the president of the TSA club, who said I was the president? 


Well, here, what we can do is we can put leadership under overarching, because you can be a leader in athletics, like the general managers. 


You can be a volunteer leader. I mean, if you coordinate the volunteer event yourself, which would be insane. Clubs, you can be a leader. And then jobs, if you get promoted to a manager or some shit, you can write that as a leader. 


So I'm going to put leadership under the four generals. We need some type of leadership. Okay, so those are for general, and then we need six, like what are these specific? 


Oh yeah, so six specific to your major. Well, they haven't decided their major yet. No, no, no. Six specific to the general line you chose for them, or they chose. 


Six specific to that, which will include one research paper, Everybody's got to do one research paper no matter what. 


Because a research paper gets your college activities from like three to six years. Paper, they also need some type of internship I feel like is good. 


Well, it's just suggestions. It's hard to get an internship. I know, I know, but these are more suggestions. We're going to rate them. We're going to rate them out of one to ten. 


How good that is. Internship, nine out of ten. Winning of Winning a national debate competition. Awards, yes. 9.5 out of 10. Because we need activities, so awards is a good one. 


Yes. We need three more. So I have research paper. Because these are all potential. We should have a little bit more than six so they can choose. 


No, now 