I should probably record this as well. I was planning on having a scholarship section. Basically, that informs you. So there's many scholarship websites, scholarship search websites. 


I use one. It's called scholarshipsearch.net. We'll have a place that literally links you to it and basically that place gives you a quiz and it matches scholarships to you. 


And then based on the scholarships you choose on that website, it will read out that to our website and say, okay, so you have chosen these scholarships. 


Here's what you have to do to complete most of them. And most of those scholarships, if you put in the work and you follow the templates that we or that scholarship website gives you, you can have money to go to college. 


is when you guys create a profile for the student, you should also take the data for the parents and . 


Yes. And also . It's just like FAFSA. Yep, just sort of like FAFSA. Sort of like FAFSA. We can't be full data because then it's just... Approximately. Yeah, approximately. Education, both parents with education and household income. 


Yep. So that's good for like first generation students. Yeah, profile. And then of course, students who are... So what I would suggest, create an app which will target only first generation students. 


And you are on a path Develop America through education. Forget about the people who are already blessed with the know-how. Because if you can solve that bottom layer problem, so the story a narrative base can create is you're solving country's problem. 


Making America great again. Nostalgia. Making America smart again, dude. Smart again. Yep, that works. That's hilarious. I'm not joking, seriously. Yeah, I know. I get that. Because there is a lot of money out there. 


There is a lot of information out there. Only thing is people don't know. And people don't want to. And people don't want to because they get somehow get into the wrong places. 


So the problem would be we sell the schools, but we're targeting low-income students. So public schools, basically. Public schools. Public schools, not CSUSA. Public schools. Because college prep schools probably have their own thing. 


Yeah, college prep schools. So I would rather target public schools. But we can also try CSUSA because they don't have something like this. 


No, so for public school, it's free enrollment. For private school, you channel it. But then how, okay, but then for the AI, we're gonna need, we're gonna need somehow AI. 


AI is not free. We need to pay for the APIs and stuff, so how do we make money from that? So government funding, we need that. What is that? Yeah, there has to be some .. 


I like that. We've got to finish this. Because we've got to go to .. A lot of it's going to be from 10th to 11th. It's going to be . Yep. We talked too. 