profile on your portal. I know my focus number. I put my focus number. And then your app has the data to Manatee County portal, to XYZ places, to API. 


Where I give encrypted information, I put encrypted information, and you don't want to know what's encryption. 


You just want them to say, read this in this particular format, read this in this particular format. 


If it matches, then pull all this data. Then it's legal. Because you are not gathering the information. You're checking it. You're checking it, and then based on that, you're pulling it. 


That makes sense. We can also, like, instead of doing that, one official transcript. The kids themselves get the transcript and upload it, but instead of the kids, we add a parent profile and the parents upload the transcript for their kids. 


That would also be still data privacy, I'm sure. A lot of parents don't care about kids going to college. Yes, then we can make sure. Usually, all this privacy is not many people. 


It's only one or ten people out of millions who goes into the business and make money out of sweet people. 


Oh, yeah. So you have to protect yourself. But if this app, instead of going unofficially, if it goes, then we can talk to Manatee County of getting this app linked up to Focus. 


Right? So. I didn't want to do that. No, no, no. What's your IP? You lost all your IPs. No, no, no. We link it up to Focus. We don't link it up for data, for the transcripts. 


We get data, transcripts from the kid's Focus. If they allow it. Yeah, encrypted data. Encrypted data. If the county allows it, then the student can. Like you were saying, we literally, we check, make sure it's the right thing, and it goes to the correlating student. 


Yeah, but we'd have to ask Manatee County. And we'd have to ask Manatee County for permission to even get that encrypted data and check it. 


So that's not going to be possible before we partner with Manatee County. So that's going to have to be, we're going to have to have something different for the individual, and that would be the parents uploading, right? 


Or unofficial transcripts that don't mean anything except for us to base on And unofficial transcripts can look official. 


Or look for the laws that Facebook is doing. What are the laws that Facebook is doing? Because Facebook, everybody has their profile. They have their information. How are the Facebook using sharing information without giving public information? 


You follow what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah, I will tell you what to do. So when you do the prong, make sure that you are always under the seat. 


From all your bases. That should be your prong. Okay. 