We got to ask her. We got to ask Ms. Gaber for this specific gentleman. So we have research paper internship and awards right now. Is there anything we can think of else? 


Let's hold on that. Let's just put down anything. Anything, but we can also do like anything. Anything that is portfolio. Okay, so what are our activities now for now? 


I need water. What goes after the activities? Do we move up grades by now or now? Is it still 9th grade? No, now we move up 10th grade. Wait, do we need anything else? 


Wait, what do we need? And this is done every year? Every year, yeah. Both are done. thank you. And I think we should get one of those career quizzes we used to do at our school, but like every year in the app. 


So yeah, the kids fill it out in the app so that it's like we're up to date. I'm going to put plus career quiz. That was a nice thing. The kids don't forget. Because this is the career quiz already for ninth grade. 


And I'm going to say both done every year plus career quiz is done every year. Yeah, yeah. So one class. All they need is one class. And then, now we move to template. 


Okay. they upload their transcript again. Okay. Right? Yeah. Well, see, look, here's here's this yeah this is all done every year so this i'm gonna put from this. 


Now, you do the checklist of all the things that you have done. I feel like 10th grade is your easiest year. Yes. Probably easiest year most likely. So get as much activities done. 


Activities done. And now in the summer from your... from your 10th grade to your 11th grade SAT prep starts or any kind of like test prep starts. 


Schools. Schools and individuals. High school schools. Schools and individuals. School or students, both. Why would school pay? Why would school pay even? Because there's nothing like this. 


They already pay for a counselor. They already pay for a counselor. It takes pressure off their counselors because if you are like Gray River or Lakewood Ranch who have like 2,000 kids over the capacity that you're supposed to take and have the limited amount of five counselors that have to do other jobs in addition to talking to students, getting their classes done and everything, whereas this will limit literally just inform you of what classes they actually want. 


It also basically is the counselor because it tells you what to do to apply to college as well. If the student expresses into college, counselor or school says, use this app. 


Student gets on the app, it's everything that the counselor would tell you. And the counselor can now go do administrator stuff instead of having to meet with as much kids as they have to. 


And now with AI, each kid has their own personalized counselor. Because keep in mind, we had Ms. Durble for three years at our school, and she was supposed to be our college and career counselor. 


On top of everything else that she did, she literally couldn't be our counselor at all. Like, she rarely met with students because she had so much other stuff, like field trips and then a bunch of clubs and whatnot and all this other. 


How would this help students? Okay, okay. So, students. 