So suggestion, yeah, no quotes, just suggestion. We are leading them along the path. But at the same time, if somebody wants to study a particular field, then you can help them. 


Exactly, because it adapts to that. And so after 11th grade... So your app should be manualing students based on their choices. Yep. Me too. Okay. ignore this point people should be always have to be in between this area So the more narrow path you can create for them based on the inputs, that's where you will have better engagement and better for them to be successful. 


Integration. And we want them, our goal is to, because let's be honest, you're coming in from middle school, freshman year, you're not going to know, most people aren't going to know what they want. 


You're not ready for it. But by junior year, they should know. They should know by junior year. And so that's, we're not going to force them, but we are going to suggest that they think about it for two years. 


We don't force them to have an opinion, but we suggest they have an opinion by junior year. And if they don't have an opinion, okay, we'll keep working on it. 


Maybe college isn't for that. Who knows? But my junior year, we suggest you have a decision. know because you want to apply by junior year and senior year senior year start seniors all junior is getting your mind straight. 


Where do you want to go? How much does it need? How much does it need from you to go to that college yeah and what's your final stuff like SAT? 


What final like like things will get you a good chance at getting in to uh what college might that will help you, you know what I mean. 


What college is top in your major or field you want to go to. Because each college thinks differently. Some colleges are test driven. They're like basically the same, two colleges, A and B are the same. 


College A is test driven. The more better your SAT score is, the easier you get it. College B is not too much stress driven. If your SAT score is a bit low, but your extracurriculars are good enough for them, then you're going to that college. 


It's about getting your application it is all this is all about making your application It's a more organized way because we because we know we know what you're doing. 


A lot of kids do not know what they're doing. They're like kids. They're like What major should I go into? Business, because that's the easiest one. And it's their senior year. 


It's their senior year. By then, you should have put your hobbies and interests together to figure out what you want to do in your life. 


That will make you happy and hopefully make you money. And that's what we're aiming to do for the first two years at least. So what happens if somebody comes in and wants to get a credit card? 


not too much early stage. You come at the final year. So that's difficult. OK, so when they come to the final year, then I was also, keep in mind, I was also suggesting branching off into a career in life coach as well as being a ladder to college. 


And that's where that would come into being like, okay, so I'm in my senior year of high school and I decided I want to go to college. 


Okay, we can help you take that. You might have to take a gap year or something to get all your prerequisites in. Or if you don't want to take a gap year, you can go to community college for two years, which is going to be cheaper for you for so far because you're taking all of your and Edge and your community college. 


And then you can get your grades up and everything, go to an actual college where you take the classes that matters to you. 


Or you can go to trade school. Trade school. Write it down. Military. Yeah. So we branch off into a career in life at that point. So my senior year. if they're just joining or still don't know what they're doing, community college options. 


branch to get um like a bunch of volunteering and whatnot done like all their activities done um trade school branch or military i guess because there are some people there's some people who actually want to go to them yeah they want to go to military right after school, but then after military, five years yeah i have nothing, I cannot do anything. 


I think so i should go to college. Yeah, I mean, that was one of the speakers. He literally said, I wanted to go to college like five years out. 


He's a DEA agent, right? Yeah. He wanted to go to college. He did not. But then he had to. 