who think about college. They don't think about college till they're in their 11th grade. but the best way statistically to get into a good college is to start working from your freshman year, from your ninth grade. 


So this college is gonna make them the journey, the ladder they need to climb for that. Test grades are something that a student cannot apprehend. 


Academics, yeah, from their ninth grade. But the thing they can do since their freshman year is their activities. activities you have on your portfolio that is better so like if you have an internship if you have a research paper that you're going down if you do volunteering because that builds up your transfer for me my SAT score was not that good but my my activities work so that's why it helps college to get into because think about this, not every school is like our school. 


Our school required us to get a hundred hours per year, even though they didn't force it as much during sophomore year, they forced a freshman so all of us have qualifications for bright future Scholarship, at least um now any other school, and i have friends in like almost every other school in the county, they will tell me a lot of them either don't know what the sat is, haven't heard about it until 11th grade, or the school doesn't offer the sat like our school did at all, you have to pay for it outside of school. 


A lot of uh kids want to go to college but don't know how to, and whereas yeah And whereas some kids don't want to go to college, this app wouldn't be for them. 


But so many kids want to go to college that this will help them get there. And the kids who do not want to go to college, but the parents want them to go to college, this app would help their parents. 


Another thing also, even kids in our school and outside of our school will tell me straight up that, oh my God, wait, I have to beef up my resume for college application. 


And it's junior year. They haven't done anything. They haven't done, they can't think of one volunteer opportunity from kids outside of our school or where they can't think of one extracurricular or club thing they did. 


And so you have all these juniors and seniors joining clubs because they need to beef up their resume when you could have just started in freshman and sophomore year, and you will have that competitive advantage over them in college applications because, oh, you have the longevity, you have the loyalty of staying in that club for four years, whereas someone senior joined for one year and then applied just to have it on their resumes. 


So why can't schools Because there was nothing called AI and there was called human intelligence college counselors your counselor They were there for you. 


But now, as AIs come in, nobody has worked on that part. So, you need an endorsement on this from the different college counselors? 


Well, yes. So, Ms. Gaber and Ms. Demlek, we are going to talk with them about what we should do. So, you should identify who would be the ambassador for this to sell. 


Okay? So, good college counselors, you have to sell this idea to them. Yeah, then this movie is of your work. It's of their job, yeah. Their job, yeah. I like that idea. Because they are the one, people will, this is, what you guys are creating is just a tool. 


Yes. But acceptance will only happen if there is endorsement from qualified people. Yes. college counselors. And we also need to add that, get letters of recommendation. 


That's going to be on our checklist for colleges. How do you guys make the quiz? Quiz? We're going to do research on that. And we're going to ask college counselors, the ones we know that have helped us. 


We're going to have a few different quizzes. Are you talking about career quiz? Yes. So when you log in, you start with the career quiz. What I would suggest, you guys, to create competition within the college counselor and identify or create a situation where you only allowing top 50 counselors within state of Florida. 


And if counselor says, OK, I like this, I want to be part of it, then you are basically publishing them. 


Because many college counselors also do this as their side business. OK. Oh yes, I get what you're saying. And they have this. And is it also a tool to get your own college counselor? 


Or database. They can have an access database, access to the students. Yes. Within 50 mile radius of that or 100 mile radius of that location. 


So every 100 miles you have one college counselor. But all the know-how is shared at one place. So quizzes that you guys are creating, students can have access to all the quizzes. 


And then you rank the quizzes. Your app should be able to rank the quizzes. Which quiz is good for... So the college counselor makes the quizzes and the student has access to what college counselor's quiz they want to take for it. 