of what classes you should be taking. So that from your freshman year, But it's like hard, but it's not that easy, too. 


It depends upon the student. Well, here's the thing. We have to branch off of this career quiz because the career quiz, it gives them suggested careers. 


But, okay, so the career quiz is going to be a little more in-depth than just career quiz. Yeah. It is going to have to have, I'm going to put bullet points, it's going to have to have hobby questions, like hobbies. 


Potential college, potential college interest. Make sure, think, think, think. If I'm a freshman in high school, who, I just came from high school, so I'm gonna be thinking that, oh my God, I'm the guy, I'm the mom. 


And I don't wanna go with this stuff, so we gotta make the career quiz short and entertaining. Yes, okay. So that kids can have fun while doing it. Okay, so his hobbies, potential college interests. 


And basically, and oh, money, money. Money is a big factor in all this. So basically money interests. Well, no, they're going to, the kids are going to be like, what? 


He said, I'm fine with living off of $40,000 a year. Nobody's going to say that. Why? It's just saying, how much money do you think you can live off of? 


Or how much money are you comfortable with? What is the definition of enough money for you? Yeah, or what type of lifestyle do you live or want to live? 


You know, that type of thing. Okay, so that's your career quiz. Your career quiz then gives you the STEM, medical, business, humanities, sports. 


But that... These should be able to branch down Should be done this should be suggestions part type of So just to give you an idea, like suggestions based on quiz. 


And then it gives you the five categories and then a drop down menu of the ones that align in any category, but not organized by the category. 


So does that make sense? But what I think is, if I'm a student, I'm going to take a career in quiz. Of course, what it is doing is bringing out what I have in my head outside. 


It's making it easier for me. So if a student is a freshman, When you get deep here, you're like, oh my god. No, yeah, I know you gotta know. I'm gonna be doing something with it to step because we do not want to specify, But we want to keep it away, you know, so that the kids have the idea of stage You want to give them just it doesn't it doesn't have to be, we clarified in the app. 


It doesn't have to be, these are not final decisions These are just straight-up suggestions of potential jobs based on your career. 


career quiz. Put suggestion jobs that you might like. Who knows? You tell us. Just start thinking about it by freshman year. You don't have to have a decision. You have to have a decision by junior year, but not by freshman year. 


Or you can think. the kid does the thing, he gets STEM, and then it shows down. What can you, what can you, what kind of majors are there in STEM? 


It pops down a few examples. What kind of, what kind of, yeah, and then what kind of, yeah, and it's not telling them that the AI is gonna think that it's the majors that they, their, the quiz they took is coming out. 


No, we don't tell them that. What we tell them is, these are the majors that you, So we do that. Well, we have to, we have to tell them, we have to be passive about it. 


We have to be like, so these are just suggestions because we don't want to, we don't want them to be like, okay, I have to do this. 


Yeah, that's completely right. So we have to tell them these are suggestions. You don't have to do this. You don't have to. These are things we think would fit for you based on this. 


Yep, agreed. Now, next part. 